# EverConquestALand
Another personal take, this time on hex based game, made by Unity. 

The intended name is called "Ever Conquest A Land?"
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feb 10/2016
- just added a mesh for hex tile.
- will be following youtube tutorial https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=td3O1tkbqYQ&list=PLbghT7MmckI4HEp8z_ngZvCV3sHWaAYN3, 
  shout out to this guy for making some awesome tutorials.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feb 11/2016
- Second commit with some added scripts to randomly generate hex tiles and place them in the world
- put them in corresponding location.
- Applied layered architecture here. Place data in data_layer, controllers and game logics in controller_layer, and art asset
  in the art asset folder.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
March 3/2016
- It's been long since I have updated this file. I will try to capture everything that has been going on.
- In terms of the goal I have for this project, I want to practice the usage of design pattern for game development. Since some nice design patterns will really pay off for the long run
  - the Traditional Unity way of coding is somewhat unstructured. You have all your scripts in the script files, probably have them sorted in folders categorized by the gameobject that they apply, or by component.
  - I wish to take another approach. In my project I have applied the model-view-controller design pattern (MVC), where I have my scripts sorted in folders such as Model (merged for both model and view), Controller(for controllers), and Interface (for interfaces being used in models). This is by no means the proper way of sorting things, and I have to admit that better job could have been done. But that is the approach I will take for at least the near future.
  - One special note is about interactions between controllers. Here I have taken the event approach, of which I created a class called GameManager which will listen for events generated by the other classes (for now only MouseController when inputs have been detected), and handles the event from there.
- So far I handled the selection of tile by change their color, and selection of pawn to move them around. More detail on how the logics for Pawns work please refer to Classes Pawn, Moveable_Pawn, and Creature.
- Lastly, added a body of water under tiles. In the future landscape will have a impact on games, but just of now it's purely visual.
- I will be really needing help getting character models and generate prefabs for pawns in the near future. Please email me if anyone happens to be interested. Thanks in advance.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
